Bluetooth: Mesh: Add BLE and Mesh combo sample (#5801)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/mesh/ble_peripheral_lbs_coex/README.rst

Mesh models
===========

The following table shows the mesh light composition data for this sample:

   +---------------------+
   |  Element 1          |
   +=====================+
   | Config Server       |
   +---------------------+
   | Health Server       |
   +---------------------+
   | Gen. OnOff Server   |
   +---------------------+

The models are used for the following purposes:

* :ref:`bt_mesh_onoff_srv_readme` instance in element 1 controls **LED 1**.
* Config Server allows configurator devices to configure the node remotely.
* Health Server provides ``attention`` callbacks that are used during provisioning to call your attention to the device.
  These callbacks trigger blinking of the LEDs.

The model handling is implemented in :file:`src/model_handler.c`, which uses the :ref:`dk_buttons_and_leds_readme` library to control each LED on the development kit according to the matching received messages of Generic OnOff Server.

User interface
**************

Buttons (Common):
   Can be used to input the OOB authentication value during provisioning.
   All buttons have the same functionality during this procedure.

Button 1:

>    Send a notification through the LED Button Service with the button state: "pressed" or "released".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Send a notification through the LED Button Service with the button pressed or released state.
```

LEDs (Common):

>    Show the OOB authentication value during provisioning if the "Push button" OOB method is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Show the OOB authentication value during provisioning if the Push button OOB method is used.
```

* In the model view, tap :guilabel:`ON`/:guilabel:`OFF` (one of the Generic On Off Controls).
  This switches the **LED 1** on the development kit on and off respectively.

Testing LED Button Service (peripheral)
=======================================

After programming the sample to your development kit, test it by performing the following steps:

1. Start the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ application on your smartphone or tablet.
#. Power on the development kit.
#. Connect to the device from the nRF Connect application.
   The device is advertising as ``Mesh and Peripheral Coex``.
   The services of the connected device are shown.
#. In :guilabel:`Nordic LED Button Service`, enable notifications for the :guilabel:`Button` characteristic.
#. Press **Button 1** on the device.
#. Observe that notifications with the following values are displayed:

   * ``Button released`` when **Button 1** is released.
   * ``Button pressed`` when **Button 1** is pressed.

#. Write the following values to the LED characteristic in the :guilabel:`Nordic LED Button Service`:

   * Value ``OFF`` to switch the **LED 2** on the development kit off

>    * Value ``ON`` to switch the **LED 2** on the development kit on

Reviewer: And since we're anyways fixing a few things, add periods to these two lines as well :) They managed to slip.

.. _bluetooth_ble_peripheral_lbs_coex:

Bluetooth: Mesh and Peripheral Coexistence
##########################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The Bluetooth® Mesh and Peripheral Coexistence sample demonstrates how to combine Mesh and legacy Bluetooth low energy features in a single application.

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-rows:: /includes/sample_board_rows.txt
   :header: heading
   :rows: nrf52840dk_nrf52840, nrf52dk_nrf52832, nrf52833dk_nrf52833, nrf52833dk_nrf52820

The sample also requires a smartphone with the following apps:
  1. Nordic Semiconductor's nRF Mesh mobile app:

     * `nRF Mesh mobile app for Android`_
     * `nRF Mesh mobile app for iOS`_

  #. `nRF Connect for Mobile`_

Overview
********

The purpose of this sample is to showcase an application where a peripheral can operate independently from the mesh.

> It combines the features of the :ref:`peripheral_lbs` and :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_light` samples into a single application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It combines the features of the :ref:`peripheral_lbs` sample and the :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_light` sample into a single application.
```

The LBS controls the state of a LED and monitors the state of a button on the device. The mesh controls and monitors the
state of a separate LED on the device. The Mesh and the LBS does not share any state on the device and operates
independently of each other.

> To be truly independent the LBS must be able to advertise its presence without any dependencies on the mesh.
> Since mesh traditionally uses the advertiser as its main channel of communication, the application must be configured to
> allow sharing of this resource. To achieve this, extended advertising is enabled, with two simultaneous advertising sets.
> One of these sets is used to handle all mesh related communication, while the other is used for advertising the LBS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be truly independent, the LBS must be able to advertise its presence independently of mesh.
Since mesh traditionally uses the advertiser as its main channel of communication, the application must be configured to allow sharing of this resource.
To achieve this, extended advertising is enabled, with two simultaneous advertising sets.
One of these sets is used to handle all mesh related communication, while the other is used for advertising the LBS.
```

.. note::
   Extended advertising is a requirement for achieving multiple advertisers in this sample.

LED Button Service
==================

When connected, the :ref:`lbs_readme` sends the state of **Button 1** on the development kit to the connected device, such as a phone or tablet.
The mobile application on the device can display the received button state and can control the state of **LED2** on the development kit.

> Mesh Provisioning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mesh provisioning
```

=================

The provisioning is handled by the :ref:`bt_mesh_dk_prov`.
It supports four types of out-of-band (OOB) authentication methods, and uses the Hardware Information driver to generate a deterministic UUID to uniquely represent the device.

> Mesh Models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mesh models
```
